Add Back Office application (#737)
Amsterdam/meldingen-frontend: docs/0001-libraries-and-frameworks.md

React is the standard UI library for the City of Amsterdam, making it easier to find developers and maintain the project.
Also, the [Amsterdam Design System](https://github.com/amsterdam/design-system) provides React components that we can utilize.

> The Public App and Back Office App uses React with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) as the frontend framework,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Public and Back Office applications use React with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) as the frontend framework,
```
